Update scraping-service.md (#4577)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/static/configuration/scraping-service.md

container with the `grafana/agentctl` image. Tanka configurations that
utilize `grafana/agentctl` and sync a set of configurations to the API
are planned for the future.

## Debug Ring endpoint

The `/debug/ring` endpoint is a useful tool to troubleshoot issues with the scraping

> service in Scraping Service Mode. It provides information about the Distributed Hash Ring

Reviewer: The structure of this sentence, while not grammatically incorrect, is unclear.  We could make it much more active with this rework: 

``You can use the `debug/ring` endpoint to troubleshoot issues with the scraping service in Scraping Service Mode.``

and the current distribution of configurations among Agents in the cluster. 

This endpoint can be accessed by making an HTTP request to the Agent's API server.

Information returned by the `/debug/ring` endpoint includes:

- The list of Agents in the cluster along with their respective tokens
  used for sharding.
- The list of configuration files stored in the KV store and their associated
   hash values used for lookup in the ring.
- For each configuration file, it shows the Agent responsible for scraping it

>    based on the token closest to the configuration file's hash.

Reviewer: Similar to my comment on lines 188-189, the structure of this bullet is inconsistent.  The lead-in sentence to the bullets should "fit" in with each bullet forming a sentence.

If you read it as a single line (in its current structure), you get: ``Information returned by the `/debug/ring` endpoint includes for each configuration file, it shows the Agent responsible for scraping it based on the token closest to the configuration file's hash.``

This bullet needs some rework. If my initial suggestion doesn't work, then could we simplify the information? 

`The Agent responsible for scraping  each configuration file.`

What is meant by `based on the token closest to the configuration file's hash`? And is this something the user needs to know? What can they do with this fragment of info?

- The instance ID is also included in the information returned by the `/debug/ring` endpoint.

> - The instance ID is a unique identifier assigned to each instance of the Agent running in the cluster.

Reviewer: These two bullets are not consistent with the others. The lead-in sentence to the bullets should "fit" in with each bullet forming a sentence. 

For example, the bullet on line 188 in it's current state, ends up reading like this (once you fit it together):

``Information returned by the `/debug/ring` endpoint includes the instance ID is also included in the information returned by the `/debug/ring` endpoint.``

The last bullet on line 189 is just a definition of what an instance ID is, and isn't part of the list of information returned.

So we need to rework the text here. If my initial suggestion (of combining the last two bullet points) doesn't work, then we need to find another way of stating this information

container with the `grafana/agentctl` image. Tanka configurations that
utilize `grafana/agentctl` and sync a set of configurations to the API
are planned for the future.

## Debug Ring endpoint

> The `/debug/ring` endpoint is a useful tool to troubleshoot issues with the scraping
> service in Scraping Service Mode. It provides information about the Distributed Hash Ring
> and the current distribution of configurations among Agents in the cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/debug/ring` endpoint is a valuable tool for troubleshooting scraping service issues
 in Scraping Service Mode. It provides information about the Distributed Hash Ring
and the current distribution of configurations among Agents in the cluster. 
```

> This endpoint can be accessed by making an HTTP request to the Agent's API server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access this endpoint by making an HTTP request to the Agent's API server.
```

Information returned by the `/debug/ring` endpoint includes:

- The list of Agents in the cluster along with their respective tokens
  used for sharding.

> - The list of configuration files stored in the KV store and their associated
>    hash values used for lookup in the ring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The list of configuration files in the KV store and their associated
   hash values used for lookup in the ring.
```

> - For each configuration file, it shows the Agent responsible for scraping it
>    based on the token closest to the configuration file's hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Agent responsible for scraping each configuration file based on the token closest to the configuration file's hash.
```

> - The instance ID is also included in the information returned by the `/debug/ring` endpoint.
> - The instance ID is a unique identifier assigned to each instance of the Agent running in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The unique instance ID assigned to each instance of the Agent running in the cluster.
```

> ## Instance ID Generation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Instance ID generation
```

The instance ID is a unique identifier assigned to each running instance of the Agent within the cluster.

> The exact details of the instance ID generation might be specific to the implementation of the Grafana Agent,

Author: ```suggestion
The exact details of the instance ID generation might be specific to the implementation of the Grafana Agent.
```

> and without further information, it's difficult to determine the exact method used for generating the instance ID.

Author: ```suggestion
and without further information, it's difficult to determine the exact method used for generating the instance ID.
```

> and without further information, it's difficult to determine the exact method used for generating the instance ID.

Author: ```suggestion
and without further information, it's difficult to determine the exact method used for generating the instance ID.
```

> and without further information, it's difficult to determine the exact method used for generating the instance ID.

Author: ```suggestion

```

> The exact details of the instance ID generation might be specific to the implementation of the Grafana Agent,
> and without further information, it's difficult to determine the exact method used for generating the instance ID.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The exact details of the instance ID generation might be specific to the implementation of the Grafana Agent.
Without further information, it's difficult to determine the exact method used for generating the instance ID.
```
